v3.3 update inspector docs (#1707)
cocos-creator/creator-docs: en/editor/inspector/index.md

Click `Node` below the node name to collapse or expand the node's properties. To the right of `Node` are the **Help Documentations** and **Node Settings** buttons.
- The Help button jumps to the official documentation about the node.
- The Node Settings button allows resetting the node properties, copy/paste the node values, and reset the `Position`/`Rotation`/`Scale` properties of the node respectively.

> - Copy/paste world transform, include `worldPosition`/`worldRotation`/`worldScale` property of the node.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Copy/paste world coordinate of the node, including `worldPosition`/`worldRotation`/`worldScale` properties.
```

> - Copy/paste world coordinate of the node, including `worldPosition`/`worldRotation`/`worldScale` properties.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Copy/paste world transform of the node, including `worldPosition`/`worldRotation`/`worldScale` properties.
```
